ladies and gentlemen I've traveled to
over half our state to be here tonight I
couldn't get away sooner because my new
well was coming in at coyote Hills and I
have to see about it
ladies and gentlemen if I say I'm an
oilman you will agree I'm a family man I
run a family business this is my son and
my partner HW Plainview you boys are a
regular family business oh you have a
great chance here
my son is a healer and a vessel for the
Holy Spirit he has a church you will be
cast up I'm fixed like no other company
in this field I have a string of tools
ready to put to work that's why I can
guarantee to start drilling and to put
up the cash to back my word
I assure you ladies and gentlemen
no matter what the others promise to do
when it comes to the showdown they won't
be there
the whole notion of warning under our
feet no one can get at it except for me
we'll offer 150,000 for full title when
do we get our money do you
I look at people and I see nothing wants
liking I see the worst in people we have
a sinner with us yeah double your devil
I have a competition in me I want no one
else to succeed I can't keep doing this
on my own with these
people
you